Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to have a test which adds over year.
Okay, then in that to do this, we're going to need to go back to Our Vinci Code and then the meeting
on the second screen, and then we can use country and B in order to make this way.
Okay.
Now over here, we're going to need to add it.
A newcomer.
In order to know where the rule ends, I can now use control and say, okay.
Now, if you should ask this, this, which is we've seen the role.
That means we're going to have that test at the right site.
Right.
Because whenever you are using eroded scrap all your widgets, it means we want to display the root
widgets or we don't have the is from left to right.
Okay.
So all we can do is we can copy from this row to the end and then use control and see.
Right.
And now we can use a column, widget column.
Okay.
As you know, this column widgets can take multiple widgets such as the property.
And the first chart is going to be that row.
Right.
Okay.
Now, what we're going to need to do is to come back from this row.
You can sit and see.
And now what's in the column?
What's outside the row?
We can then have an expanded widget.
The reason for this expanded widget is because we want in this widget we are going to be using to take
the available space and the child is going to be a test widget.
And is just going to say create, slash, join.
Mittens.
Well, it's just a cleats, okay?
I don't really care.
How did you corner and Obama as well?
I mean, that's a very, very good format.
Now go check it out.
Look, are you going to sit over there?
Now, what we can do is we can then highlight this test and use controlling dots and repeat with the
center.
Okay.
And check if you're going to see the value now.
Now, what we can do.
As you know, the test property has a property known as Ty or you can just see the test widget has the
property known as Thor and there's going to be test Ty.
Test.
Stay.
Okay.
First of all, we can increase the size of the test and we can see 20 how to truly comment and go check
it out.
Okay.
And now we can't increase the fonts.
We can't see font sweet.
This is going to be fonts.
Which dots?
But.
Or we can just say w.
500.
We don't want you to be that boat.
Okay.
You're going to see it now.
Okay, great.
Now, what we can also do is we can make all this icons clickable.
Okay, not to do this, we're gonna need to go back to the design for each icon that is the reusable
icon widgets.
And now we can then use contra and B not to make all this icon clickable.
We are going to need to wrap this container with a button.
And to do that over here, you need to highlight a user control and that's their wrap with widgets.
Now going to wrap this.
Continue with the botting.
Known as gesture dictator.
This gesture detector has a property known as on tap.
Okay, now we can also make this dynamic.
So over here we can create a fine overview and you can call the variable on crest.
And as well we can specify the type.
It is a type of void callback, which is a function.
And over here we can then see this.
Dots are pressed.
We can either make it required.
So whenever we call this fire, which we are already doing, we're going to need to pass in the value
that is going to be a must.
We can as well see, we don't really need to pass in the value I had in the logic, which simply means
it can be empty or it can be not.
What we're just going to pass a value to it.
That is, it is going to be in loss to pass a value to it.
And over here rule and then call the rest.
Okay.
Definitely going to have some errors because we made it a request to.
So we are going to need to pass the value to all of this.
Okay.
So over here.
We can then say oppressed and this is a function and 40 now we can say print new.
You.
Methane.
Okay.
Okay as well.
You can see I pressed.
And we can see print.
John.
Martin.
Continue to be okay and we can just leave this empty.
Okay.
And as well.
Okay, now let's check it out.
Or we can either do this or put our Terminator and then the Borg console and.
Beyond on this.
I just think we need new mittens.
You can see it over here.
Definitely.
We we are not meeting in the paint for those two.
And you can see.
Just like the cable.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in in this lecture.